# PacMan-pdcurses
# The Engine class loads the map from a txt file, initializes and updates the positions of the objects, displays the menu and calculates the score. Essentially, from the game's main class. The Engine class is the one that "works" with the PDCurses library.
# In the Engine class, collisions are checked. When one of two monsters (Traal and Gnome) is in the same position as the user-controlled player (Potter), the round ends. Based on the implementation, once a round is over, the user chooses based on the Options Menu, if he wants to replay a new round or if he wants to see the top 5 scores, or he chooses to exit the application. 
# The Moving class is a generic class from which moving game elements inherit. It is an abstract class and includes the common features of Potter, Traal and Gnome classes. The abstract method makeMove() determines the movement of each moving entity in the game.
# The user controls Potter with the 'arrows'. Therefore, Potter's movement is determined by the user by pressing keys ("arrows"). Press the Esc key to end the round. With the Space key, Potter stays still and the monsters move. Any other key the user might press is ignored.
# The monsters (Traal and Gnome), like Potter, move based on the abstract method makeMove(). Their movement depends on Potter's position. Their purpose is to "cage" Potter in order to "catch" him. The monster movement algorithm is identical. Both Traal and Gnome move towards Potter's position. The difference is that if they are the same distance from Potter, one of them takes a different route. 
# The HiScore class handles the table of best scores. Every time a round ends, and if the score achieved by the user is higher than the existing scores, the score table is updated.
